clarify aws bedrock confusion (#9357)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-ai/dbt-ai-faqs.md

<Expandable alt_header="What data/code is used to train the AI model supporting dbt Wizard?">

> <Constant name="wizard" /> is supported by several third-party pre-trained AI models at the customer's election (<Term id="managed" /> OpenAI, BYOK OpenAI, BYOK Anthropic, or BYOK Azure AI Foundry). When using <Term id="managed" /> OpenAI, our agreement with OpenAI prohibits OpenAI from retaining your data persistently. Refer to our [dbt Labs AI principles page](https://www.getdbt.com/legal/ai-principles) for more information.

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

I'm not sure if this is in the scope of the PR but I noticed the header asks what data/code is used to train the model but the answer only covers retention under managed OpenAI. If it is in the PR scope, it might be worthwhile covering this in answer or reword the header?

> <Constant name="wizard" /> is supported by several third-party pre-trained AI models at the customer's election (<Term id="managed" /> OpenAI, BYOK OpenAI, BYOK Anthropic, or BYOK Azure AI Foundry). When using <Term id="managed" /> OpenAI, our agreement with OpenAI prohibits OpenAI from retaining your data persistently. Refer to our [dbt Labs AI principles page](https://www.getdbt.com/legal/ai-principles) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Constant name="wizard" /> is supported by several third-party pre-trained AI models at your discretion. (<Term id="managed" /> OpenAI, BYOK OpenAI, BYOK Anthropic, or BYOK Azure AI Foundry). When using <Term id="managed" /> OpenAI, our agreement with OpenAI prohibits OpenAI from retaining your data persistently. Refer to our [dbt Labs AI principles page](https://www.getdbt.com/legal/ai-principles) for more information.
```

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="Which AI model providers does dbt Wizard use?">

> In the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, <Constant name="wizard" /> supports <strong><Term id="managed" /> OpenAI</strong>, **BYOK OpenAI**, **BYOK Anthropic**, and **BYOK Azure AI Foundry**. By default, accounts use <Term id="managed" /> OpenAI. Enterprise-tier accounts can [bring their own provider keys](/docs/platform/enable-dbt-ai#configure-ai-provider).

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

There's inconsistent emphasis on “managed OpenAI”. It's bolded in this section not in the previous expandable. We should use one for consistency.

Author: this might have been left over from the past, have updated

The [<Constant name="wizard"/> CLI](/docs/dbt-ai/wizard-cli) supports **OpenAI**, **Anthropic**, **AWS Bedrock**, and **Snowflake Cortex** (preview) in bring-your-own-key mode. Refer to [Configure BYOK](/docs/dbt-ai/wizard-byok) and [Supported AI providers](/docs/dbt-ai/wizard-byok#supported-ai-providers) for more information.

</Expandable>

<Expandable alt_header="Do we support BYOK (bring your own key) at the project level?">

> The <Constant name="wizard"/> BYOK option is currently an account-only configuration. However, there may be a future where we make this configurable on a project-level.

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

“account-only configuration” reads as platform Wizard BYOK: admins configure the provider at the account level, not per project. The FAQs page also covers CLI Wizard, I think CLI BYOK is configured locally (wizard providers, env vars, ~/.dbt/wizard/), not at account or project level so a CLI reader may think they need account-level setup, or that BYOK is scoped account vs project, when neither applies.

It might be worthwhile scoping the answer explicitly, e.g. open with “In the dbt platform…” and add a short note that CLI BYOK is separate and configured on the local machine. Or split platform vs CLI in the answer?
